applications: nrf_desktop: Imply partial flash erase for USB next (#17849)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Manifest semantic version information to the firmware information response in :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` when the module is used for SUIT DFU and the SDFW supports semantic versioning (requires v0.6.2 and higher).
  * A missing DTS node compatible with ``zephyr,hid-device`` to the nRF52840 DK in the MCUboot QSPI configuration.
    This ensures support for HID over USB when the USB next stack is selected.

>   * The USB next stack (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_STACK_NEXT <config_desktop_app_options>`) implies partial erase feature of the nRF SoC FLASH driver (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE`).

Reviewer: I would say:

Updated:

- the integration of the USB next stack to imply partial...

Author: I was wondering about it. Depends from perspective. Either you added a new imply or updated a Kconfig option to imply something.

Author: If you prefer to keep it under updated, I can move it

>   * The USB next stack (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_STACK_NEXT <config_desktop_app_options>`) implies partial erase feature of the nRF SoC FLASH driver (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The USB next stack (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_STACK_NEXT <config_desktop_app_options>`) implies partial erase feature of the nRF SoC flash driver (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_PARTIAL_ERASE`).
```
Not 100% about this, but I suspect we should not have flash with all caps.

Author: You are right. Changed.

    This is done to improve stability of the USB next stack.

>     The partial erase feature workarounds device errors that might be reported by Windows USB host in Device Manager if USB cable is connected while erasing secondary image slot in background.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The partial erase feature works around device errors that might be reported by Windows USB host in Device Manager if USB cable is connected while erasing secondary image slot in the background.
```
